README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://30secondsofknowledge.com" target="_blank">
	<img width=200 src="./media/Logo_Dark.png"/>
	<img width=200 src="./media/Tagline_Dark.png"/>
  </a>
</p>

------

<p align="center">
  Made with:
  <img src="https://cdn4.iconfinder.com/data/icons/logos-3/600/React.js_logo-512.png" height=20 />
  <img src="https://proxy.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=http%3A%2F%2Ficons.iconarchive.com%2Ficons%2Fdtafalonso%2Fandroid-lollipop%2F512%2FChrome-icon.png&f=1" height=20/>
</p>

------

# 30 Seconds of Knowledge (Chrome Extension)

You can download the ***Chrome Extension*** [here](https://30secondsofknowledge.com/).

------

###### Description

Gain **new developer skills** every time you open a **New Tab**! Choose which programming languages you want to get better at, in extension options, and **get smarter every time** you open a **New Tab**. All you need is **30 seconds** to read and understand **snippets** of code and **improve your knowledge**. Saw something useful? Just **copy/paste** it into your code and **you're golden**!

This Chrome Extension is built with **React** and Chrome Extension API.

------

###### Stack

- React
- Google Chrome Extension API

------

###### Inspiration

Inspired by the phenomenal [30 seconds of code](https://github.com/30-seconds/30-seconds-of-code) !

------

###### Available Snippet Libraries

- JavaScript
- CSS
- Interview Questions
- React
- PHP
- Python
- Ruby

------

###### PLAN

**MVP Phase:**

- [x] **Finish MVP (Chrome only)**
- [x] **Temporary Landing Page**
- [x] **Publish to Product Hunt**
- [x] **Soft Release MVP**

**V1.0.0 Phase:**

- [x] **Light/Dark Themes - Feature**
- [x] **Donation Options - Feature**
- [x] **Save/Favourite - Feature**
- [x] **Release v1.0.0**

**V1.1.0 Phase:**

- [x] **Release Official Website**
- [x] **Mailing/Newsletter List**
- [x] **Social Media Coverage | Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter**
- [x] **Merch Shop**
- [x] **Privacy Policy & TOS**
- [ ] More Snippet Languages - Feature
- [ ] Release v1.1.0

**Other/Ideas:**

- [ ] Write Documentation for Contributors
- [ ] Port to Firefox
- [ ] Port to Safari

------

###### Contributions

All contributions are welcome, but will be reviewed before merging to ensure the same coding style is enforced throughout the codebase.

You can check the issues on this repo to see what stuff needs some work.

The repo includes all the necessary configuration files to enforce coding style (e.g. **.eslintrc.json, prettier.config.js, etc...**).

This project is using **Gitflow Workflow**, to be sure you know how to contribute and make **PRs**, please read more about Gitflow [here](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow).

------

###### Contributors

A big THANK YOU to these wonderfull people!

| Avatar                                                                                              | Name               | Github Profile                                   | Website                                 |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------- |
| <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/43479428?s=200&v=4" width="50px" height="50px"/> | 30 Seconds Project | [Github Profile](https://github.com/30-seconds)  | [Website](https://30secondsofcode.org/) |
| <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/522352?s=460&v=4" width="50px" height="50px"/>   | Ahmad Santarissy   | [Github Profile](https://github.com/asantarissy) | [Website](https://ahmadsantarissy.com)  |

------

###### Attributions

- Icons [www.flaticon.com](www.flaticon.com)
- Javascript Snippets [30 seconds of code](https://github.com/30-seconds/30-seconds-of-code)
- CSS Snippets [30 seconds of css](https://github.com/30-seconds/30-seconds-of-css)
- interview Snippets [30 seconds of interviews](https://github.com/30-seconds/30-seconds-of-interviews)
- React Snippets [30 seconds of react](https://github.com/30-seconds/30-seconds-of-react)
- PHP Snippets [30 seconds of php](https://github.com/appzcoder/30-seconds-of-php-code)
- Python Snippets [30 seconds of python](https://github.com/kriadmin/30-seconds-of-python-code)

Commit message:

Update snippets/ Readme.md/ templates

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://30secondsofknowledge.com" target="_blank">
	<img width=200 src="./media/Logo_Dark.png"/>
	<img width=200 src="./media/Tagline_Dark.png"/>
  </a>
</p>

------

<p align="center">
  Made with:
  <img src="https://cdn4.iconfinder.com/data/icons/logos-3/600/React.js_logo-512.png" height=20 />
  for
  <img src="https://proxy.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=http%3A%2F%2Ficons.iconarchive.com%2Ficons%2Fdtafalonso%2Fandroid-lollipop%2F512%2FChrome-icon.png&f=1" height=20/>
  &
  <img src="https://duckduckgo.com/i/86080547.png" height=20/>
</p>

------

# 30 Seconds of Knowledge (Web Extension)

You can download the ***Chrome & Firefox Extensions*** [here](https://30secondsofknowledge.com/).

------

###### Description

Gain **new developer skills** every time you open a **New Tab**! Choose which programming languages you want to get better at, in extension options, and **get smarter every time** you open a **New Tab**. All you need is **30 seconds** to read and understand **snippets** of code and **improve your knowledge**. Saw something useful? Just **copy/paste** it into your code and **you're golden**!

This Chrome Extension is built with **React** and Web Extensions API.

------

###### Stack

- React
- Web Extensions API

------

###### Inspiration

Inspired by the phenomenal [30 seconds of code](https://github.com/30-seconds/30-seconds-of-code) !

------

###### Available Snippet Libraries

- JavaScript
- CSS
- Interview Questions
- React
- PHP
- Python
- Ruby

------

###### PLAN

**MVP Phase:**

- [x] **Finish MVP (Chrome only)**
- [x] **Temporary Landing Page**
- [x] **Publish to Product Hunt**
- [x] **Soft Release MVP**

**V1.0.0 Phase:**

- [x] **Light/Dark Themes - Feature**
- [x] **Donation Options - Feature**
- [x] **Save/Favourite - Feature**
- [x] **Release v1.0.0**

**V1.1.0 Phase:**

- [x] **Release Official Website**
- [x] **Mailing/Newsletter List**
- [x] **Social Media Coverage | Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter**
- [x] **Merch Shop**
- [x] **Privacy Policy & TOS**
- [x] **Update Existing Snippets**
- [x] **More Snippet Languages - Added Ruby**
- [x] **Redesign and UX polishing**
- [x] **Customizable Font Size**
- [x] **Write Documentation for Contributors (Wiki)**
- [x] **Port to Firefox**
- [ ] Release v1.1.0

**V1.2.0 Phase:**

- [ ] Port to Safari
- [ ] Release v1.2.0

**Constant Work:**

- [ ] More Snippet Languages - Feature
- [ ] Update Existing Snippets - Maintenance
- [ ] Update Wiki

------

###### Contributions

All contributions are welcome, but there are some rules you must follow in order for you contributions to be accepted.

Read the **guides** [here](https://github.com/petrovicstefanrs/30_seconds_of_knowledge/wiki).

If you are just looking for **snippet templates**, you can find them [here](/templates).

------

###### Contributors

A big THANK YOU to these wonderfull people!

| Avatar                                                                                              | Name               | Github Profile                                   | Website                                 |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------- |
| <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/25749162?s=460&v=4" width="50px" height="50px"/> | Stefan Fejes | [Github Profile](https://github.com/fejes713)  | [Website](stefanfejes.com/) |
| <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/522352?s=460&v=4" width="50px" height="50px"/>   | Ahmad Santarissy   | [Github Profile](https://github.com/asantarissy) | [Website](https://ahmadsantarissy.com)  |
| <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/16981711?s=460&v=4" width="50px" height="50px"/>   | Florian Josef Reheis | [Github Profile](https://github.com/florianjosefreheis) | [Website](https://www.florianjosefreheis.com/)  |

------

###### Attributions

- Icons/Graphic Elements [www.flaticon.com](www.flaticon.com)
- Javascript Snippets [30 seconds of code](https://github.com/30-seconds/30-seconds-of-code)
- CSS Snippets [30 seconds of css](https://github.com/30-seconds/30-seconds-of-css)
- interview Snippets [30 seconds of interviews](https://github.com/30-seconds/30-seconds-of-interviews)
- React Snippets [30 seconds of react](https://github.com/30-seconds/30-seconds-of-react)
- PHP Snippets [30 seconds of php](https://github.com/appzcoder/30-seconds-of-php-code)
- Python Snippets [30 seconds of python](https://github.com/kriadmin/30-seconds-of-python-code)
- Ruby Snippets [30 seconds of ruby](https://github.com/florianjosefreheis/30-seconds-of-ruby)
